You agree, undertake and confirm that your use of Platform shall be strictly governed by the following binding principles:
1.	By this you are accepting the terms and conditions of Local Online by LOVELY IDEAS an ISO 9001:2015 CERTIFIED Co.  
2.	Convenience fee of 5% applicable on all Online Payments.
3.	Orders cannot be cancelled after Confirmation. 
4.	Confirmed Orders can be cancelled if items are not available.
5.	Extra charges will be applicable for others hotels which are not in tie up with Local Online.
6.	Extra charges will be applicable for Grocery Orders.

i.	You shall not host, display, upload, download, modify, publish, transmit, update or share any information which:
1.	belongs to another person and which you do not have any right to;
2.	is grossly harmful, harassing, blasphemous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, paedophilic, libellous, slanderous, criminally inciting or invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically objectionable, disparaging, relating or encouraging money laundering or gambling, or otherwise unlawful in any manner whatsoever; or unlawfully threatening or unlawfully harassing including but not limited to "indecent representation of women" within the meaning of the Indecent Representation of Women (Prohibition) Act, 1986;
3.	is misleading or misrepresentative in any way;
4.	is patently offensive to the online community, such as sexually explicit content, or content that promotes obscenity, paedophilia, racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual;
5.	harasses or advocates harassment of another person;
6.	involves the transmission of "junk mail", "chain letters", or unsolicited mass mailing or "spamming";
7.	promotes illegal activities or conduct that is abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory or libellous;
8.	infringes upon or violates any third party's rights [including, but not limited to, intellectual property rights, rights of privacy (including without limitation unauthorized disclosure of a person's name, email address, physical address or phone number) or rights of publicity];
9.	promotes an illegal or unauthorized copy of another person's copyrighted work (see "copyright complaint" below for instructions on how to lodge a complaint about uploaded copyrighted material), such as providing pirated computer programs or links to them, providing information to circumvent manufacture-installed copy-protect devices, or providing pirated music or links to pirated music files;
10.	contains restricted or password-only access pages, or hidden pages or images (those not linked to or from another accessible page);
11.	provides material that exploits people in a sexual, violent or otherwise inappropriate manner or solicits personal information from anyone;
12.	provides instructional information about illegal activities such as making or buying illegal weapons, violating someone's privacy, or providing or creating computer viruses;
13.	contains video, photographs, or images of another person (with a minor or an adult);
14.	tries to gain unauthorized access or exceeds the scope of authorized access to the Platform or to profiles, blogs, communities, account information, bulletins, friend request, or other areas of the Platform or solicits passwords or personal identifying information for commercial or unlawful purposes from other users;
15.	engages in commercial activities and/or sales without our prior written consent such as contests, sweepstakes, barter, advertising and pyramid schemes, or the buying or selling of products related to the Platform. Throughout these Terms of Use, Local Online's prior written consent means a communication coming from Local Online's Legal Department, specifically in response to your request, and expressly addressing and allowing the activity or conduct for which you seek authorization;
16.	solicits gambling or engages in any gambling activity which is or could be construed as being illegal;
17.	interferes with another user's use and enjoyment of the Platform or any third party's user and enjoyment of similar services;
18.	refers to any website or URL that, in our sole discretion, contains material that is inappropriate for the Platform or any other website, contains content that would be prohibited or violates the letter or spirit of these Terms of Use;
19.	harm minors in any way;
20.	infringes any patent, trademark, copyright or other intellectual property rights or third party's trade secrets or rights of publicity or privacy or shall not be fraudulent or involve the sale of counterfeit or stolen products;
21.	violates any law for the time being in force;
22.	deceives or misleads the addressee/users about the origin of such messages or communicates any information which is grossly offensive or menacing in nature;
23.	impersonate another person;
24.	contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer resource; or contains any trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots, easter eggs or other computer programming routines that may damage, detrimentally interfere with, diminish value of, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any system, data or personal information;
25.	threatens the unity, integrity, defence, security or sovereignty of India, friendly relations with foreign states, or public order or causes incitement to the commission of any criminal offence or prevents investigation of any offence or is insulting any other nation;
26.	is false, inaccurate or misleading;
27.	directly or indirectly, offers, attempts to offer, trades or attempts to trade in any item, the dealing of which is prohibited or restricted in any manner under the provisions of any applicable law, rule, regulation or guideline for the time being in force; or
28.	creates liability for us or causes us to lose (in whole or in part) the services of our internet service provider or other suppliers.
ii.	You shall not use any "deep-link", "page-scrape", "robot", "spider" or other automatic device, program, algorithm or methodology, or any similar or equivalent manual process, to access, acquire, copy or monitor any portion of the Platform or any Content, or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Platform or any Content, to obtain or attempt to obtain any materials, documents or information through any means not purposely made available through the Platform. We reserve our right to prohibit any such activity.
iii.	You shall not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any portion or feature of the Platform, or any other systems or networks connected to the Platform or to any server, computer, network, or to any of the services offered on or through the Platform, by hacking, "password mining" or any other illegitimate means.
iv.	You shall not probe, scan or test the vulnerability of the Platform or any network connected to the Platform nor breach the security or authentication measures on the Platform or any network connected to the Platform. You may not reverse look-up, trace or seek to trace any information on any other user of or visitor to Platform, or any other Buyer, including any account on the Platform not owned by you, to its source, or exploit the Platform or any service or information made available or offered by or through the Platform, in any way where the purpose is to reveal any information, including but not limited to personal identification or information, other than your own information, as provided for by the Platform.
v.	You shall not make any negative, denigrating or defamatory statement(s) or comment(s) about us or the brand name or domain name used by us including the name 'Local Online', or otherwise engage in any conduct or action that might tarnish the image or reputation, of Local Online or Merchant on platform or otherwise tarnish or dilute any Local Online's trade or service marks, trade name and/or goodwill associated with such trade or service marks, as may be owned or used by us. You agree that you will not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the infrastructure of the Platform or Local Online's systems or networks, or any systems or networks connected to Local Online.
vi.	You agree not to use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Platform or any transaction being conducted on the Platform, or with any other person's use of the Platform.
vii.	You may not forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any message or transmittal you send to us on or through the Platform or any service offered on or through the Platform. You may not pretend that you are, or that you represent, someone else, or impersonate any other individual or entity.
viii.	You may not use the Platform or any content on the Platform for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms of Use, or to solicit the performance of any illegal activity or other activity that infringes the rights of Local Online and/or others.
ix.	You shall at all times ensure full compliance with the applicable provisions, as amended from time to time, of (a) the Information Technology Act, 2000 and the rules thereunder; (b) all applicable domestic laws, rules and regulations (including the provisions of any applicable exchange control laws or regulations in force); and (c) international laws, foreign exchange laws, statutes, ordinances and regulations (including, but not limited to sales tax/VAT, income tax, octroi, service tax, central excise, custom duty, local levies) regarding your use of our service and your listing, purchase, solicitation of offers to purchase, and sale of products or services. You shall not engage in any transaction in an item or service, which is prohibited by the provisions of any applicable law including exchange control laws or regulations for the time being in force.
x.	In order to allow us to use the information supplied by you, without violating your rights or any laws, you agree to grant us a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, sub-licensable (through multiple tiers) right to exercise the copyright, publicity, database rights or any other rights you have in your Information, in any media now known or not currently known, with respect to your Information. We will only use your information in accordance with these Terms of Use and Privacy Policy applicable to use of the Platform.
xi.	From time to time, you shall be responsible for providing information relating to the products or services proposed to be sold by you. In this connection, you undertake that all such information shall be accurate in all respects. You shall not exaggerate or overemphasize the attributes of such products or services so as to mislead other users in any manner.
xii.	You shall not engage in advertising to, or solicitation of, other users of the Platform to buy or sell any products or services, including, but not limited to, products or services related to that being displayed on the Platform or related to us. You may not transmit any chain letters or unsolicited commercial or junk email to other users via the Platform. It shall be a violation of these Terms of Use to use any information obtained from the Platform in order to harass, abuse, or harm another person, or in order to contact, advertise to, solicit, or sell to another person other than us without our prior explicit consent. In order to protect our users from such advertising or solicitation, we reserve the right to restrict the number of messages or emails which a user may send to other users in any 24-hour period which we deem appropriate in its sole discretion. You understand that we have the right at all times to disclose any information (including the identity of the persons providing information or materials on the Platform) as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or valid governmental request. This may include, without limitation, disclosure of the information in connection with investigation of alleged illegal activity or solicitation of illegal activity or in response to a lawful court order or subpoena. In addition, We can (and you hereby expressly authorize us to) disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials, as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate in connection with the investigation and/or resolution of possible crimes, especially those that may involve personal injury.
xiii.	We reserve the right, but has no obligation, to monitor the materials posted on the Platform. Local Online shall have the right to remove or edit any content that in its sole discretion violates, or is alleged to violate, any applicable law or either the spirit or letter of these Terms of Use. Notwithstanding this right, YOU REMAIN SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONTENT OF THE MATERIALS YOU POST ON THE PLATFORM AND IN YOUR PRIVATE MESSAGES. Please be advised that such Content posted does not necessarily reflect Local Online views. In no event shall Local Online assume or have any responsibility or liability for any Content posted or for any claims, damages or losses resulting from use of Content and/or appearance of Content on the Platform. You hereby represent and warrant that you have all necessary rights in and to all Content which you provide and all information it contains and that such Content shall not infringe any proprietary or other rights of third parties or contain any libellous, tortious, or otherwise unlawful information.
xiv.	Your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in promotions of, advertisers found on or through the Platform, including payment and delivery of related products or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such advertiser. We shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of such advertisers on the Platform.
xv.	It is possible that other users (including unauthorized users or 'hackers') may post or transmit offensive or obscene materials on the Platform and that you may be involuntarily exposed to such offensive and obscene materials. It also is possible for others to obtain personal information about you due to your use of the Platform, and that the recipient may use such information to harass or injure you. We do not approve of such unauthorized uses, but by using the Platform You acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for the use of any personal information that you publicly disclose or share with others on the Platform. Please carefully select the type of information that you publicly disclose or share with others on the Platform.
xvi.	Local Online shall have all the rights to take necessary action and claim damages that may occur due to your involvement/participation in any way on your own or through group/s of people, intentionally or unintentionally in DoS/DDoS (Distributed Denial of Services), hacking, pen testing attempts without our prior consent or a mutual legal agreement.
7.	

